hello it's Annie boo 141 and i'm here to
show you all my wallet see stuff there
are first of all all my big lalaloopsy
which i'll give you descriptions not
descriptions off the off the web but not
not off the website but what i know
about them i have nine big ones but if
you count my lalaloopsy little i have
Ted and all my mini ones are inside this
carry-on house which I'll talk about
later and I have that couch to talk
about to I was just like to see if I
Christmas I got be spells a lot and
specs reads a lot amber flicker flame
misty mysterious and the soft he spells
a lot i also got the carry along house
and two other mini allah please and the
couch for christmas so first we'll start
with crumbs sugar cookie from sugar
cookie was sewn from a baker's apron she
loves making tea and treats and inviting
friends over and she always has good
manners and she was born on december in
december and she was born on national
cookie day and i will check her birthday
for you guys december 4th national
cookie day and she has a pet mouse
emails next is past treasure chest path
treasure chest was sewn from a pirate's
clothes he loves to travel but he has
trouble following naps he's a cup
clutter bug who loves to collection any
things he has a pet parrot he was sewn
on um let me check sorry I just didn't
know them by heart see what is his
purpose
on sep tember 19th talk like a pirate
day and so that's passed I detest he has
an eyepatch and some little short
sneakers next is marina angers main
anchors was sewn from a sailor's uniform
she has a pet whale she's a girl and she
she loves to the off the ocean me even
though she can't swim she always likes
to keep things clean and shipshape and
she's bored on jun 8th world ocean day
tippy-toe marina if you get her her
shoes don't really stay on and she has
stockings which i don't know where they
are so she has a pet sworn pet Swan and
she was sewn from a ballerina's 22 and
she loves to be onstage even though she
falls down every once in a while her
birthday is februari second to 20 or 22
sorry my mom's just doing something she
just doing sup my friends dog next is a
fender bender he was sewn from a
mechanic's clothes and his pet monkey
logo so he he is a cool operator but
sometimes had a short fuse he's a
problem solver and his birthday is um
let's see let's check case this so you
can see
let's see it
July thirtieth which is Henry Ford's
birthday honey Ford was a mechanic too
so that's why and ok and yeah that's him
and next is Suzette last week she's the
collectors edition and she was so my
Duchess's dress she loves to she was
lounging about and eating fancy pastries
and she was sewn on let's see i'll try
to think and this is her dog the poodle
doesn't help it fool of me well check
her birthday hold on sorry guys it's
this hard to do it with one hand her
birthday is oh I got it bad this
December 9th the National pastry day
pastry day next is a misty mysterious I
got her for Christmas like really yeah
he's still in addition scape she had to
go to sleep and she loves magic it he's
a magician and she has a pet rabbit and
her birthday is my swear it's up with
something in March but let's check hold
on just move the hospital down Oh March
24th which is her demons birthday a very
famous magician next is be spells of wat
cutie we got it for Christmas and she's
home from school girls uniform um she
loves to talk ally and she's a smarty
pants and she her birthday is October
sixteenth which is um I don't really
know what the days when she's born on
October sixteenth is just pepped out
once you dealing with blue eyes and then
we'll go to Amber flicker flame who I
got for my for christmas and she was
some from firefighters uniform she's a
pet Dalmatian she's heroic with the
fiery temper and she loves barb really
really spicy barbecue really spicy
barbecue and stuff like that she is um
she's really cute in I think her
birthday is strippers I haven't checked
it yet so every birthday is um May
fourth national firefighter day and she
has a rubber skirt so like the material
and some the soft be spilled lots the
same thing as B and my last one is specs
reads a lot which is a mini I mean a
little boxy little specks reads a lot
was sewn from a schoolgirl uniform she's
a younger sibling of his son be stalls a
lot and I'm gonna check her right there
pretty sure it is March 14th and it
doesn't I haven't really heard what that
is she's a super Vash super bashful
super genius for those count eight
things and collecting gold stars and
chest pic bookworm me and she's really
cute and that's her and their siblings
these two and now I've got on my big
Ozzy's we hit will move on to the couch
that's just the caps I get to sit on
just kind of hard so I'm just going to
show you all my mini lalaloopsy don't
have too much time hold up I'll name
them for you Barry jars and jam the
third edition of peanut big top Holly
sleigh bells forest evergreen candy
broomsticks spots Potter splash sunny
sunny side up the first edition peanut
big drop the first edition the sunny
side up that came with this house be
spells a lot and dot starlight and I
have em brief flicker flame I just don't
know where she is I'll need to Fletcher
and I have the Carrie wanna play house
got a Merry Christmas and yeah that are
those are my mentality and I've made
houses for my big ones and watching my
collection of my day glad i please my
lalaloopsy little and i just wanted to
show you really quick my littles I mean
my minis and I'll show you another video
with minis and another my couch and
thank you for watching so yeah bye